Thank you very much for your support and for your support. I am very grateful and thank you all for
your support. Thank you very much.
Again, we must be grateful to the teachers of the great teacher, Bhadakshatamuni, who is pointing
out our own innate nature of the mind and nature of everything, and therefore is one of the very
grateful moments in which we currently have a life and for that reason,
wisdom, hatred, joy, and everything. And I hope that we think then, both each other, the vastness,
motivation of the ethnic, both each other, think your own living beings, whatever I am doing and
whatever we are going to do here,
discussing the teaching of the Buddha, we really need that benefit to all living beings, remove
suffering, difficulty, trouble, because they are all wicked, sincerely wicked, it is not just as
talk and live service, service is really wicked,
strongly, sincerely from the bottom of our heart, or even intubated, you say, even from the bone
from the heart, bone of heart, let's think of that, strong in that.
And at the same time, everything is purely status, even though we don't see these moments because
due to the characteristics of our URL, we don't see where things are, but at the reality level, it
is all enlightened in the purely status.
Today we have reflected the teaching of the Buddha Dharma is because we like to remove the categor
ize of these dualities, we like to see real things exactly as is, and subject level, object level,
we like to point out exactly.
When you point exactly as it is, what is that known as any Buddha's teaching or Buddhism? You
become the enlightened. That is enlightened.
You are enlightened because you remove the darkness of the dualities, darkness is removed, you
become the light, we become the light, that light is not just a one direction, shining every
direction, and every time, and every space, and every inner and outer space, everything, shining,
that is known as enlightenment.
What that light mind is, that is what we are discussing here. It is true love and kindness, it is
compassion, it is wisdom, it is calm and peaceful, it is courage and commitment and understanding,
perfectly exactly as it is.
And when you become the enlightenment in what the teaching says, our love and compassion will be
infinite as sky and deep as ocean, even more than that.
And our wisdom light, our wisdom is more powerful than any other campaign that. This moment we call
inconceivable, but that time, we will conceive it as it is, as it is, because our wisdom is more
exciting as it is, the highest stated, deepest states that you can go with agreeing that.
But in time, everything is limited. Love is limited, compassion is limited, kindness is limited,
wisdom is limited, everything is limited for us, everything is limited. Why? Because of the duality
.
This publication of duality, that making limited everything, everything will go kind of bounce,
bounce, bounce, every day when we turn, everything is kind of tight, the tightest kind of thing.
That is duality. Who created this duality? Who did this war and this restrictions? Nobody else did
for us except one's own self.
We did that. When we did this, we did this at the biggest times, from the biggest times.
Every time we added, every time we added, added, added, added, so our habit dependent, you want it
to become stronger, stronger, stronger and stronger.
Every time we added, when we added, in the mental states, every two, simple, all the way is stated
in the allies or that grown level, we added and it becomes thicker and thicker.
And now who is going to, who is going to clear away that boundary that restrictions? Nobody else is
going to do that for us except our self.
We did it at the beginning of time. We also have to do, do, have to clean up. We have the full
responsibilities.
Guruji Sri Chitra, Buddha Shapte Mune, Gaurabhamma Sambhavai, all those great masters show us
techniques, how to do, clear away that, how to do that techniques, instrumentals.
All that techniques and instrumentals, the equipments of the true clay way that is fully developed
and completely layout, so perfectly, so beautiful, beautiful.
That one gracious teacher, Buddha Shapte Mune, the omniscient one, not just the omniscient one, but
compassionate one, caring one, concerning one, thinking of every one, their deed and their
capabilities, not pulsing, not pushing, pushing, perhaps, according their capabilities, how to
clear up this.
Showed every techniques. There is no shortage of techniques and equipment to clean away our mess
that we created.
There is no shortage. Therefore, Buddha Shapte Mune is a pool of richness. Every aspect, externally
we look subject to level, object to level, everywhere.
And even modern scientists will level, metaphysical level, all the current presenters level,
neuroscience level, every aspect it can catch up, it can mend up, it can join and can discuss.
Don't have to be shy from that. You can really know Buddha's teaching. You can fully, courageously,
joyfully engage into those great scholars modern times.
Because Buddha told the way that nature is, not just a board from the mythological story of the
other planets, it's exactly where it is.
That is what it is. And therefore, again, for real, we stand in a joy and appreciate, and the body,
the pure in our state. Those are the way and key and essential.
To break that wall of the dualities. That is, break the wall of duality and remove. Where are we
going to break that duality wall and where are we going with that truth, that garbage, that mess,
that's the way we are going through.
Don't have to try garbage anywhere. It's called self-liberating. It releases right there. As
morning sunshine comes, where the darkness is gone, when morning the dawn heat in the sky, where
darkness is gone.
How that morning sun shines, shines gradually, and the darkness gradually begins to separate. That
's the way our practice, gradually develops with the inner enlightened college.
And gradually removing all those duality propagation walls within its own truths, or within its own
states, within its own natural states.
What are those known as in the Buddha's teaching? Path and the Bhumis. Path and the Bhumis are way
developing our enlightenment wisdom, way hence how we remove the obscurations of these dualities.
How we remove, that measure, this guideline, this in a way, inner guidelines, inner lot science,
lot science, how we are removing, how we progress, everything is a measure so that we can have the
confidence, the joy and the appreciation, continue we can advance, until the final distractions.
Until the final goal of the discordment, that is one of the teachings.
Now, among those all teachings, it goes.